OSDOCS-14588: Updates to egress lockdown documentation (#93240)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_hcp/rosa-hcp-egress-lockdown-install.adoc

:context: rosa-hcp-egress-lockdown-install
toc::[]

Creating a {product-title} (ROSA) cluster with egress lockdown provides a way to enhance your cluster's stability and security by allowing your cluster to use the image registry in the local region if the cluster cannot access the internet. Your cluster first tries to pull the images from Quay, and when they aren't reached, it instead pulls the images from the image registry in the local region. 

All public and private clusters with egress lockdown get their Red{nbsp}Hat container images from an Amazon Elastic Container Registry (ECR) located in the local region of the cluster instead of gathering these images from various endpoints and registries on the internet. ECR provides storage for OpenShift release images as well as Red{nbsp}Hat Operators. All requests for ECR are kept within your AWS network by serving them over a VPC endpoint within your cluster.

You can create a fully operational cluster that does not require a public egress by configuring a virtual private cloud (VPC) and using the `--properties zero_egress:true` flag when creating your cluster.

> Clusters using egress lockdown can be upgraded by using xref:../upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc#rosa-hcp-upgrading[Upgrading {product-title} clusters]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See xref:../upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc#rosa-hcp-upgrading[Upgrading {product-title} clusters] to upgrade clusters using egress lockdown.
```

- Active voice (Please tweak the sentence structure as you like)

[NOTE]
====
You cannot use Red{nbsp}Hat Insights on clusters that are installed in a disconnected or restricted environment. 

> You may also install Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators from OperatorHub. For a complete list of Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators, see link:https://catalog.redhat.com/search?searchType=software&target_platforms=Red%20Hat%20OpenShift&deployed_as=Operator&p=1&partnerName=Red%20Hat%2C%20Inc.%7CRed%20Hat[Red{nbsp}Hat Ecosystem Catalog].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also install Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators from OpenShift OperatorHub. For a complete list of Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators, see link:https://catalog.redhat.com/search?searchType=software&target_platforms=Red%20Hat%20OpenShift&deployed_as=Operator&p=1&partnerName=Red%20Hat%2C%20Inc.%7CRed%20Hat[Red{nbsp}Hat Ecosystem Catalog].
```

====

[discrete]
[id="rosa-glossary-disconnected_{context}"]

> == Glossary of disconnected environment terms

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
== Glossary of network environment terms
```

Although it is used throughout the {product-title} documentation, _disconnected environment_ is a broad term that can refer to environments with various levels of internet connectivity.
Other terms are sometimes used to refer to a specific level of internet connectivity, and these environments might require additional unique configurations. These network types differ from a "standard network," which has full access to the internet.

The following table describes the different terms used to refer to environments without a full internet connection:

.Disconnected environment terms
[cols=".^2,.^4",options="header"]
|====
|Term |Description

> |Air-gapped network

Reviewer 2: These are really easy to understand and clear!

|An environment or network that is completely isolated from an external network.

This isolation depends on a physical separation, or an "air gap", between machines on the internal network and any part of an external network.
Air-gapped environments are often used in industries with strict security or regulatory requirements.

|Disconnected environment
|An environment or network that has some level of isolation from an external network.

This isolation could be enabled by physical or logical separation between machines on the internal network and an external network.
Regardless of the level of isolation from the external network, a cluster in a disconnected environment does not have access to public services hosted by Red{nbsp}Hat and requires additional setup to maintain full cluster functionality.

|Restricted network
|An environment or network with limited connection to an external network.

> A physical connection may exist between machines on the internal network and an external network, but network traffic is limited by additional configurations, such as firewalls and proxies.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A physical connection might exist between machines on the internal network and an external network, but network traffic is limited by additional configurations, such as firewalls and proxies.
```

:context: rosa-hcp-egress-lockdown-install
toc::[]

Creating a {product-title} cluster with egress lockdown provides a way to enhance your cluster's stability and security by allowing your cluster to use the image registry in the local region if the cluster cannot access the Internet. Your cluster will try to pull the images from Quay, but when they aren't reached, it will instead pull the images from the image registry in the local region. 

> All public and private clusters with egress lockdown get their Red{nbsp}Hat container images from a registery that is located in the local region of the cluster instead of gathering these images from various endpoints and registeries on the Internet. You can create a fully operational cluster that does not require a public egress by configuring a virtual private cloud (VPC) and using the `--properties zero_egress:true` flag when creating your cluster.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
All clusters with egress lockdown obtain their Red{nbsp}Hat container images from a registry in the local region of the cluster instead of from various endpoints and registries on the Internet. You can create a fully operational cluster that does not require a public egress by configuring a virtual private cloud (VPC) and using the `--properties zero_egress:true` flag when creating your cluster.
```

> Clusters using egress lockdown can still be upgraded as detailed xref:../upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc#rosa-hcp-upgrading[Upgrading {product-title} clusters]. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Clusters using egress lockdown can be upgraded by using xref:../upgrading/rosa-hcp-upgrading.adoc#rosa-hcp-upgrading[Upgrading {product-title} clusters]. 
```

[NOTE]
====
You cannot use Red{nbsp}Hat Insights on clusters that are installed in a disconnected or restricted environment. 

You may also install Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators from OperatorHub. For a complete list of Red{nbsp}Hat-owned Operators, see link:https://catalog.redhat.com/search?searchType=software&target_platforms=Red%20Hat%20OpenShift&deployed_as=Operator&p=1&partnerName=Red%20Hat%2C%20Inc.%7CRed%20Hat[Red{nbsp}Hat Ecosystem Catalog].
====

[id="rosa-glossary-disconnected_{context}"]
== Glossary of disconnected environment terms

Although it is used throughout the {product-title} documentation, _disconnected environment_ is a broad term that can refer to environments with various levels of internet connectivity.

> Other terms are sometimes used to refer to a specific level of internet connectivity, and these environments might require additional unique configurations. These network types differ from a "Standard Network," which has full access to the Intenret.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Other terms are sometimes used to refer to a specific level of internet connectivity, and these environments might require additional unique configurations. These network types differ from a "Standard Network", which has full access to the Internet.
```

The following table describes the different terms used to refer to environments without a full internet connection:

.Disconnected environment terms
[cols=".^2,.^4",options="header"]
|====
|Term |Description

|Air-gapped network
|An environment or network that is completely isolated from an external network.

> This isolation depends on a physical separation, or an "air gap", between machines on the internal network and any other part of an external network.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
This isolation depends on a physical separation, or an "air gap", between machines on the internal network and any part of an external network.
```

Air-gapped environments are often used in industries with strict security or regulatory requirements.

|Disconnected environment
|An environment or network that has some level of isolation from an external network.

This isolation could be enabled by physical or logical separation between machines on the internal network and an external network.
Regardless of the level of isolation from the external network, a cluster in a disconnected environment does not have access to public services hosted by Red{nbsp}Hat and requires additional setup to maintain full cluster functionality.

> |Restricted Network

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
|Restricted network
```

|An environment or network with limited connection to an external network.

> A physical connection may exist between machines on the internal network and an external network, but network traffic is limited by additional configurations, such as with firewalls and proxies.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A physical connection may exist between machines on the internal network and an external network, but network traffic is limited by additional configurations, such as firewalls and proxies.
```
